- [Narrator] From our last video, we had entered
a classpath variable using a relative classpath.
And according to web logic,
relative classpaths will cause problems.
And indeed they do.
So what I want to show you real quick,
is how to fix this and how I fixed it.
You go into vi,
Oracle, user_projects/domains,
go to the bin directory,
the setDomain.
Hit enter, go down to mysql.
And what I want to show you is,
is what I've already fixed for you.
You need to use a absolute classpath
instead of a relative classpath.
Previously this was a relative classpath,
and you would've seen that in terms of a tilde symbol.
If you haven't made that change,
please make that change now in your set domain.
We'll exit out of this, we'll come back up,
and we'll start up WebLogic, create our data source.
We'll log in,
go down to data sources, click lock and edit,
click new, generic data source,
type in the name,
leave it as Global.
(clicking)
Change your database driver, click next, next,
enter the name of the database, the host name,
the user,
and the password.
My secret.
Capital M-y-$-3-c-r-e-t.
We'll click next, going to test the configuration,
and now we have a successful test.
If we go back to our terminal window,
you'll see that a statement is made here
that the loading class is deprecated.
That the new driver class name is com.mysql.cj.jdbc.
We're going to copy that, come back over here,
change the driver class name, click test again.
Everything is valid.
And click next.
We'll select the AdminServer, and then finish.
Then we'll close it by activating the changes.